XxX m.a.İ.d
  FENASAL STUDIOS


 Concept:
                                                     Ultimate Cleaning Madness 


Once upon a time, there was a luxurious mansion called Magnefick Mansion. However, due to a bizarre curse, the mansion kept getting messy and dirty every single night. The mansion’s owner, the elite and arrogant Lady Magnifica, decided to host a crazy tournament to determine the world’s greatest maid: m.a.İ.d (Mansion Assistance International Duel)! 


In this tournament, four legendary maids will fight with their unique personality and skills.   


     Marceline – Goth Maid
  Cold, sarcastic, and considers a day without coffee a nightmare. Instead of a duster, she wields a giant scythe. For her, “cleaning up” is quite literal!  


     Alia – Energetic Genki Maid
  A hyperactive ball of energy who never seems to get tired. She prefers punching dust away, believing that “the faster you clean, the more break time you get!”  


     Isabella – Ojou-sama Maid 
  Elegant, composed, and a perfectionist. She sees herself as the *true* refined lady’s maid and fights while belittling her opponents. Her weapons? A silver tray and deadly teacups!  


     Danya – Mad Scientist Maid
  “Cleaning is a science!” is her motto. Armed with mechanical brooms, electric dusters, and laser dishwashers, she fights with the power of innovation and madness.  


    Final Boss: Lady Magnifica – Arrogant Empress
  The mansion’s owner, who believes no maid is good enough for her. “If you can’t win this tournament, YOU’RE ALL FIRED!” she declares. She fights with her luxurious parasol, treating her opponents as mere commoners.  


The game is a fast-paced, humorous, and chaotic 2D fighting game. Each maid has a unique fighting style and different combos. Maids using their “unique” cleaning techniques as their attacks. The battle arenas include mansion’s areas like a haunted kitchen, and a cursed garden, and etc. 


    Are these maids fighting to be the best, or are they trying to escape Lady Magnifica?!